1. Testing definition:
Software testing is the process of validating and verifying the software item to detect the
difeerences between the given input and the expected output, also to assess the quality and
features of the product, whether it is acting according to the business and technical 
requirements that guided the design and development.
2. Framework definition:
It is an execution environment for automated tests. It is the overall system in which the 
tests will be automated. 
3.Java features:
i). Object oriented: We can reuse the data many times as needed and we can hide the data 
using private, public, and protected access modifiers in java, basically we are writing 
code in an efficient way to represent real world objects(whcih have state and behavior).
 ii). platform independent: we can run the code in any platforms like Mac, Windows, Linux, 
Unix.
iii). Hight performance: gives high performance in terms of running a program, memory 
management, resource utilisation. 
iv). Multi-threaded: Multiple threads in the program called entities, we can run them to 
acheive parallelism(Java runtime machine partitions the stream into multiple substreams 
and process the substreams in parallel and then combine results) and to get faster results. 
4. all source code in java is written in the files with the .java extension and 
java compliler complies it to the .class files which contains byte codes. 
JVM converts it to the machine language. every OS has JVM. 

COMPILER       ---> JVM                ---> OS
.CLASS files    jvm converts it 
byte code	to the machine language.

5. why java is used for selenium automation?
Selenium automates browsers. As it is a open soruce technology, it doesn't have a lot of
features like 

Control test execution for different data sets
set-up/configure test pre-conditions/post-cnditions
report execution resluts
Automation framework.
Test case Management
creating files/reading from files/ writing into files.
Logging

we can also use Java, c#, and testing frameworks like JUnit, 
TestNG. Selenium is a open source medium. Java is widely used and feature rich. selenium 
server is writeen in java and selenium community is very close to java. Most of the times 
support for java is released/done first.  

6. Installing java and eclipse
src files in java is the place where we write all the source code, classes
JRE system library, which is java system library in which number of jar files are there, 
they represent java programming language, they provide java functionality. There are a 
number of packages in each jar. Each package has number of event related classes, 
together grouped in a events package.

7. Package: A package is a collection of event related classes like file reading, 
file writing, error thrown, exception thrown classes.
Class name should always match the file name, within the class there is a main method 
from where it will start the execution.
8. DIFFERENCES: Error and Exception are sub classes of Java.lang.Throwable class.
Error is mainly caused by the environment in which the application is running.
Ex: OutOfMemoryError and StackOverFlowError- try catch can't handle, unchecked type,
immpossible to recover from error
Exceptions are caused by the application itself EX: Checked exceptions, unchecked exceptions,
classcastexceptions, nullpointer exceptions- try catch can handle, checked and 
unchecked type, can recover from error.
 [occur at runtime]

9. System console
System.out.println("Hello World!");

intellicense shows the useful information regarding the parameters. Debug mode shortcut F11

10. Java is created for object oriented purpose and programming needs. 

11. Method or function is same.

12. Class is a blueprint standard which exhibits properties and methods defined by its class.

A class contains fields and methods to describe the behavior of an object.

Product Iphone = new Product();

Every class is child class of object class.