1. PageObjects framework is the main core object for automation.
It is a design pattern for enhacing the test automation and test duplication(resuing the 
code)
Inorder to work or interact with the web page, we create a object oriented class for that 
web page. 
Whenever they need to intearct or work with that web page, the test calls the page class 
by creating a page object.

Page class for a login page

public class LoginPage
{
loginAs(username,password);
getTitle();

}

To represent a web page or to work with that web page, each page is considered as a 
object and represented by a class. Each functionality in that page is represented by a 
method. When you want to work with that, test calls the page class by creating a page 
object for that.
 
2. Why we should use Page OBJECTS framework?

There is ? single page class for that page rather than scattered code.
Clear seperation between test steps and assertions. page functionality, locators. 
If there are UI changes, then code in the page class needs to be change, no need of any 
change in tests.



3. Automation Framework:
It is a set of best practices/guidelines that go well with the automation. 
Easy to use
Easy to understand
Easy to maintain.
Make sure faremwork is easy to write tests.

4 layers of automation framework:
Test Scripts - test code with test steps and assertions.
Automation FrameWork - It is a hybrid automation framework with all the frameworks like
Data Driven,  page objects framework etc.,
Selenium- this layer represents the automation tool for the automation.
(Ex: in this case it is selenium)
Browser/Web Application: It is the actual application 


Test scripts depend upon automation framework, automation framework uses selenium, 
then selenium drives the browser or web application.

PAgeObject framework Guidelines:
There should be respective public methods for the functionality or services in the 
web page in the page object.
Try not to expose the internal details of the page(Web elements, WebDriver). 
page Objects should not do any verifications, they should be done in the test cases.
pageobjects should return other page objects(Ex: login page should return welcome page).

We write framework only once but we multiplt tests the framework.


In this vedio, there are two main concepts Page Objects and Automation Framework.

Selenium
Browser/WebApplication
