Selenium webdriver is purely object oreinted. 
Object oriented programming language is very easy to maintain and saves lot of time.
Each product in a ecommerce site has, Product id is also known as stock keeping unit

1. Why Selenium in Testing?
It is a firefox plugin, and provides easy user interface for developing automated tests. 
it has a recording feature, which records user actions and exports them as a resuable scripts
in any programming languages to execute later.'

2. selenium web driver replaces Selenium 1.0 and Rc (limitations with popups and dialog
box) 
3. Selenium webdriver is a tool for automating web application testing and to verify that
they work as expected. it aims to provide a freindly API that's easy to explore and 
understand and to use.

It is  a firefox plugin for automating web application testing and to provide easy user 
interface.
  

3. What is Selenium?
Selenium is a very popular Web application based automation testing tool which you can use on 
multiple webbrowsers, Multiple operating systems, multiple langauges.

4. What is selenium IDE?
It is a firefox Adon, allows us to Debug, edit and record and Playback feature the 
tests. Helps UI easily start with Selenium.
 

5. What is selenium WebDriver?
It is best for full web automation. It is a collection of open source APIs which drives 
the browser natively, supporrts multi language/multi operating system/multi browser support.

6.what is selenium RC?
It is the predecessor of WebDriver,  Rc drives browser using javascript. It is officially 
deprecated. Provides support for multi language/multi browser/multi operating system similar 
to webdriver.

7.what is selenium Grid?
It allows distributed and parallel running of selenium automation scripts by using 
multiple webdriver and selenium nodes. 

Selenium will not work for desktop and windows applications.

Selenium Features:
Open source and free
Provides record and playback feature.
Can run tests on multiple browsers/ multiple operating systems/ supports multiple languages.
Can use with a number of testing frame
Distributed and parallel running of tests.
Customize/enhance source code to suite your requirements
Add your custom functionality by using user extensions.
Selenium automation is independent of the language in which you have developed your 
web application.  

//custom functionality or enhance or customize the source code --> all//

QTP only VBScript.
using IDE, we can craete test scripts to test web application. It provides easy 
interface to develop, run, debug the test scripts.
You can export the recorded tests in multiple languages to use with selenium WebDriver.



8. Firebug is a firefox addon, inspects web elements, view and edit html code for 
web elements.
Getfirebug.com 

Firefox addon extensions format .xpi


